Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20303)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/1.1.1.1/setup/android.mdx

head:
  - tag: title
    content: Set up 1.1.1.1 on Android

> description: Learn how to set up Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 DNS resolver on Android devices. Secure your internet with DNS over TLS/HTTPS and enable 1.1.1.1 for Families.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 DNS resolver on Android devices. Encrypt DNS queries with DoT or DoH, and enable 1.1.1.1 for Families.
```
